# Pokemon Names #
pokemon.bulbasaur.name=Bulbasaur










pokemon.sandshrew.name=Sandshrew
pokemon.sandshrew-alola.name=Alolan Sandshrew

# Growth Rates #
growth.erratic.name=Erratic
growth.fast.name=Fast
growth.medium-fast.name=Medium Fast
growth.medium-slow.name=Medium Slow
growth.slow.name=Slow
growth.fluctuating.name=Fluctuating

# Stats #
stat.hp.name=HP
stat.atk.name=Attack
stat.def.name=Defense
stat.spa.name=Sp. Attack
stat.spd.name=Sp. Defense
stat.spe.name=Speed
stat.hp.acronym=hp
stat.atk.acronym=atk
stat.def.acronym=def
stat.spa.acronym=spa
stat.spd.acronym=spd
stat.spe.acronym=spe

# Nature Names #
nature.adamant.name=Adamant
nature.bashful.name=Bashful
nature.bold.name=Bold
nature.brave.name=Brave
nature.calm.name=Calm
nature.careful.name=Careful
nature.docile.name=Docile
nature.gentle.name=Gentle
nature.hardy.name=Hardy
nature.hasty.name=Hasty
nature.impish.name=Impish
nature.jolly.name=Jolly
nature.lax.name=Lax
nature.lonely.name=Lonely
nature.mild.name=Mild
nature.modest.name=Modest
nature.naive.name=Naive
nature.naughty.name=Naughty
nature.quiet.name=Quiet
nature.quirky.name=Quirky
nature.rash.name=Rash
nature.relaxed.name=Relaxed
nature.sassy.name=Sassy
nature.serious.name=Serious
nature.timid.name=Timid

# Item Category Names #
itemcategory.general.name=General Items
itemcategory.berries.name=Berries
itemcategory.candies.name=Candies
itemcategory.ingredients.name=Ingredients
itemcategory.medicine.name=Medicine
itemcategory.pokeball.name=Pokeballs
itemcategory.hold.name=Hold Items
itemcategory.battle.name=Battle Items
itemcategory.machines.name=Machines
itemcategory.key.name=Key Items

# Item Names: General Items #

# Item Names: Berries #
item.aguavberry.name=Aguav Berry
item.apicotberry.name=Apicot Berry
item.aspearberry.name=Aspear Berry
item.babiriberry.name=Babiri Berry
item.belueberry.name=Belue Berry
item.berry.name=Bluk Berry
item.berry.name=Charti Berry
item.berry.name=Cheri Berry
item.berry.name=Chesto Berry
item.berry.name=Chilan Berry
item.berry.name=Chople Berry
item.berry.name=Coba Berry
item.berry.name=Colbur Berry
item.berry.name=Cornn Berry
item.berry.name=Custap Berry
item.berry.name=Durin Berry
item.berry.name=Enigma Berry
item.berry.name=Figy Berry
item.berry.name=Ganlon Berry
item.berry.name=Golden Nanab Berry
item.berry.name=Golden Pinap Berry
item.berry.name=Golden Razz Berry
item.berry.name=Grepa Berry
item.berry.name=Haban Berry
item.berry.name=Hondew Berry
item.berry.name=Iapapa Berry
item.berry.name=Jaboca Berry
item.berry.name=Kasib Berry
item.berry.name=Kebia Berry
item.berry.name=Kee Berry
item.berry.name=Kelpsy Berry
item.berry.name=Lansat Berry
item.berry.name=Leppa Berry
item.berry.name=Liechi Berry
item.berry.name=Lum Berry
item.berry.name=Mago Berry
item.berry.name=Magost Berry
item.berry.name=Maranga Berry
item.berry.name=Micle Berry
item.berry.name=Nanab Berry
item.berry.name=Nomel Berry
item.berry.name=Occa Berry
item.berry.name=Oran Berry
item.berry.name=Pamtre Berry
item.berry.name=Passho Berry
item.berry.name=Payapa Berry
item.berry.name=Pecha Berry
item.berry.name=Persim Berry
item.berry.name=Petaya Berry
item.berry.name=Pinap Berry
item.berry.name=Pomeg Berry
item.berry.name=Qualot Berry
item.berry.name=Rabuta Berry
item.berry.name=Rawst Berry
item.berry.name=Razz Berry
item.berry.name=Rindo Berry
item.berry.name=Roseli Berry
item.berry.name=Rowap Berry
item.berry.name=Salac Berry
item.berry.name=Shuca Berry
item.berry.name=Silver Nanab Berry
item.berry.name=Silver Pinap Berry
item.berry.name=Silver Razz Berry
item.berry.name=Sitrus Berry
item.berry.name=Spelon Berry
item.berry.name=Starf Berry
item.berry.name=Tamato Berry
item.berry.name=Tanga Berry
item.berry.name=Wacan Berry
item.berry.name=Watmel Berry
item.berry.name=Wepear Berry
item.berry.name=Wiki Berry
item.berry.name=Yache Berry

# Item Names: Candies #

# Item Names: Ingredients #

# Item Names: Medicine #

# Item Names: Pokeballs #
item.beastball.name=Beast Ball
item.cherishball.name=Cherish Ball
item.diveball.name=Dive Ball
item.dreamball.name=Dream Ball
item.duskball.name=Dusk Ball
item.fastball.name=Fast Ball
item.featherball.name=Feather Ball
item.friendball.name=Friend Ball
item.gigatonball.name=Gigaton Ball
item.greatball.name=Great Ball
item.healball.name=Heal Ball
item.heavyball.name=Heavy Ball
item.jetball.name=Jet Ball
item.leadenball.name=Leaden Ball
item.levelball.name=Level Ball
item.loveball.name=Love Ball
item.lureball.name=Lure Ball
item.luxuryball.name=Luxury Ball
item.masterball.name=Master Ball
item.moonball.name=Moon Ball
item.nestball.name=Nest Ball
item.originball.name=Origin Ball
item.parkball.name=Park Ball
item.pokeball.name=Poké Ball
item.premierball.name=Premier Ball
item.quickball.name=Quick Ball
item.repeatball.name=Repeat Ball
item.safariball.name=Safari Ball
item.sportball.name=Sport Ball
item.strangeball.name=Strange Ball
item.timerball.name=Timer Ball
item.ultraball.name=Ultra Ball
item.wingball.name=Wing Ball

# Item Names: Hold Items #

# Item Names: Battle Items #

# Item Names: Machines #

# Item Names: Key Items #
item..name=Acro Bike
item..name=Adventure Rules
item..name=Amaze Mulch
item..name=Apricorn Box
item..name=Aqua Suit
item..name=Armor Pass
item..name=Aurora Ticket
item..name=Autograph
item..name=Azure Flute
item..name=Band Autograph
item..name=Basement Key
item..name=Berry Pots
item..name=Berry Pouch
item..name=Bike
item..name=Bike Voucher
item..name=Black Mane Hair
item..name=Blue Card
item..name=Blue Orb
item..name=Blue Petal
item..name=Boost Mulch
item..name=Camping Gear
item..name=Card Key
item..name=Catching Charm
item..name=Celestica Flute
item..name=Clear Bell
item..name=Coin Case
item..name=Colress Machine
item..name=Contest Machine
item..name=Content Pass
item..name=Coupon 1
item..name=Coupon 2
item..name=Coupon 3
item..name=Crown Pass
item..name=Dark Stone
item..name=Data Card 01
item..name=Data Card 02
item..name=Data Card 03
item..name=Data Card 04
item..name=Data Card 05
item..name=Data Card 06
item..name=Data Card 07
item..name=Data Card 08
item..name=Data Card 09
item..name=Data Card 10
item..name=Data Card 11
item..name=Data Card 12
item..name=Data Card 13
item..name=Data Card 14
item..name=Data Card 15
item..name=Data Card 16
item..name=Data Card 17
item..name=Data Card 18
item..name=Data Card 19
item..name=Data Card 20
item..name=Data Card 21
item..name=Data Card 22
item..name=Data Card 23
item..name=Data Card 24
item..name=Data Card 25
item..name=Data Card 26
item..name=Data Card 27
item..name=Devon Scope
item..name=Devon Scuba Gear
item..name=Dowsing Machine
item..name=Dragon Skull
item..name=DS Sounds
item..name=Dynamax Band
item..name=Enigma Stone
item..name=Enigmatic Card
item..name=Eon Flute
item..name=Eon Ticket
item..name=Exp. Charm
item..name=Explorer Kit
item..name=Flame Checker
item..name=Fashion Case
item..name=Fishing Rod
item..name=Forage Bag
item..name=Galactic Key
item..name=GB Sounds
item..name=Go-Goggles
item..name=God Stone
item..name=Gold Teeth
item..name=Good Rod
item..name=Gracidea
item..name=Gram 1
item..name=Gram 2
item..name=Gram 3
item..name=Green Petal
item..name=Holo Caster
item..name=Ilima's Normalium Z
item..name=Jade Orb
item..name=Journal
item..name=Key Stone
item..name=Key to Room 1
item..name=Key to Room 2
item..name=Key to Room 4
item..name=Key to Room 6
item..name=Left Poké Ball
item..name=Legendary Clue 1
item..name=Legendary Clue 2
item..name=Legendary Clue 3
item..name=Legendary Clue?
item..name=Lens Case
item..name=Letter
item..name=Liberty Pass
item..name=Lift Key
item..name=Light Stone
item..name=Lock Capsule
item..name=Loot Sack
item..name=Lost Item
item..name=Lunar Wing
item..name=Mach Bike
item..name=Machine Part
item..name=Magma Emblem
item..name=Magma Stone
item..name=Magma Suit
item..name=Makeup Bag
item..name=Mark Charm
item..name=Medal Box
item..name=Mega Bracelet
item..name=Mega Ring
item..name=Member Card
item..name=Meteorite
item..name=Meteorite Shard
item..name=Moon Flute
item..name=Mystery Egg
item..name=Mystic Ticket
item..name=N-Lunarizer
item..name=N-Solarizer
item..name=Oak's Letter
item..name=Oak's Parcel
item..name=Old Charm
item..name=Old Letter
item..name=Old Rod
item..name=Old Sea Map
item..name=Old Verse
item..name=Orange Petal
item..name=Pair of Tickets
item..name=Pal Pad
item..name=Parcel
item..name=Pass
item..name=Photo Album
item..name=Pink Petal
item..name=Poffin Case
item..name=Point Card
item..name=Poké Flute
item..name=Poké Radar
item..name=Pokéblock Case
item..name=Pokéblock Kit
item..name=Pokémon Box Link
item..name=Pokéshi Doll
item..name=Powder Jar
item..name=Professor's Mask
item..name=Prop Case
item..name=Purple Petal
item..name=Rainbow Flower
item..name=Rainbow Pass
item..name=Rainbow Wing
item..name=Red Chain
item..name=Red Orb
item..name=Red Petal
item..name=Red Scale
item..name=Reins of Unity
item..name=Rich Mulch
item..name=Ride Pager
item..name=Rotom Bike
item..name=Rotom Catalog
item..name=Ruby
item..name=Rule Book
item..name=Rusted Shield
item..name=Rusted Sword
item..name=S.S. Ticket
item..name=Sapphire
item..name=Scanner
item..name=Seal Bag
item..name=Seal Case
item..name=Secret Key
item..name=Secret Potion
item..name=Silph Scope
item..name=Silver Wing
item..name=Slowpoke Tail
item..name=Sonia's Book
item..name=Soot Sack
item..name=Sparkling Stone
item..name=Sprayduck
item..name=Squirt Bottle
item..name=Storage Key
item..name=Style Card
item..name=Suite Key
item..name=Sun Flute
item..name=Super Rod
item..name=Surge Badge
item..name=Surprise Mulch
item..name=Survival Charm
item..name=Tea
item..name=Teachy TV
item..name=Tempting Charm
item..name=Tidal Bell
item..name=TM Case
item..name=Town Map
item..name=Tri-Pass
item..name=Unknown Report
item..name=Vs. Recorder
item..name=Vs. Seeker
item..name=Wailmer Pail
item..name=Warding charm
item..name=White Mane Charm
item..name=Wishing Chip
item..name=Wishing Star
item..name=Wooden Crown
item..name=Works Key
item..name=Xtransceiver
item..name=Yellow Petal
item..name=Z-Ring
item..name=Zygarde Cube

# Item Names: Custom Items *
item.nicerod.name=Nice Rod
item.greatrod.name=Great Rod
item.excellentrod.name=Excellent Rod
